Committee news Committee news Which region has the most private enterprises? 14 November 2024    • Committee news Read more ... As part of the "Month of Legal Knowledge", a webinar was organized aimed at improving the legal literacy of employees of statistical agencies 13 November 2024    • Committee news On November 13 of this year, the Agency of Statistics under the President of the Republic of Uzbekistan hosted a webinar for employees of the departments of Management and human resource development of statistical offices, as well as for legal advisers of the Republic of Karakalpakstan, regions and the city of Tashkent, in order to ensure the fulfillment of tasks established by Decree of the President of the Republic of Uzbekistan No. 114 dated March 4, 2024, as well as popularization of labor legislation and discussing priorities for the future. Read more ... How much did the gross added value of the services Industry grow in january-september 2024? 13 November 2024    • Committee news Read more ... How many passengers on average use rail transport services in one day? 13 November 2024    • Committee news Read more ... Sodium sulfate produced in the Republic of Uzbekistan 13 November 2024    • Committee news Read more ... Growth rate of income from labor activity 13 November 2024    • Committee news Read more ... The next webinar was organized for the employees of the Department of Statistical Registers of the Regional Statistics Offices 12 November 2024    • Committee news On November 12 of this year, at the Statistics Agency under the President of the Republic of Uzbekistan, regarding the state of affairs and future priority tasks related to the creation and maintenance of the Unified State Register of Enterprises and Organizations (USREO) for the employees of the Department of Statistical Registers of the Republic of Karakalpakstan, regional and Tashkent statistical departments an online webinar was organized. Read more ... The International Conference on the Management of National Accounts Systems with the Participation of CIS Countries' Statistical Agency Specialists Begins 12 November 2024    • Committee news On November 12-13 of this year, in the city of Tashkent, the CIS Statistical Committee, in cooperation with the Agency of Statistics under the President of the Republic of Uzbekistan, is holding an international conference with the participation of specialists from statistical services of the CIS countries on issues of maintaining the system of national accounts. The aim of the event is to exchange advanced practices in the formation of national accounts and the development of macroeconomic indicators, as well as to strengthen international cooperation. Read more ... Total income per capita in the Republic of Uzbekistan 12 November 2024    • Committee news Read more ... How much did the gross added value of the industry network grow in January-September 2024? 12 November 2024    • Committee news Read more ... Distribution of births by number of babies 12 November 2024    • Committee news Read more ... The volume of grapes grown in the republic 12 November 2024    • Committee news Read more ... In which sectors are the most business subjects? 12 November 2024    • Committee news Read more ... How much cherry juice was produced in Uzbekistan in 9 months 11 November 2024    • Committee news Read more ... The next webinar was organized for employees of the Departments of Living Standards Statistics and Household Surveys of territorial statistical offices 11 November 2024    • Committee news On October 9 of this year, an online webinar was organized at the Statistics Agency for employees of the “Standard of Living Statistics and Household Observations” Department of the statistical departments of the Republic of Karakalpakstan, regions and Tashkent City on the status of the work carried out on the statistics of the standard of living of the population and the procedure for their formation. Read more ... Cyber sports competitions were held 11 November 2024    • Committee news One of the priorities of State policy is to preserve and strengthen the health of the population of the Republic of Uzbekistan and to strengthen the promotion of healthy lifestyle. Read more ... How much did the gross added value of the construction network grow in january-september 2024? 11 November 2024    • Committee news Read more ... The volume of potatoes grown in the republic 11 November 2024    • Committee news Read more ... Page 157 of 1036